LICENSE.txt
MANIFEST.in
README.md
pyproject.toml
requirements.txt
setup.cfg
setup.py
boil/__init__.py
boil/__version__.py
boil/exceptions.py
boil.egg-info/PKG-INFO
boil.egg-info/SOURCES.txt
boil.egg-info/dependency_links.txt
boil.egg-info/entry_points.txt
boil.egg-info/not-zip-safe
boil.egg-info/requires.txt
boil.egg-info/top_level.txt
boil/cli/__init__.py
boil/cli/commands.py
boil/common/__init__.py
boil/common/filters.py
boil/plate/__init__.py
boil/plate/manager.py
boil/plate/runner.py
boil/plates/__init__.py
boil/plates/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
boil/plates/ansible_role/README.md
boil/plates/ansible_role/__init__.py
boil/plates/ansible_role/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
boil/plates/ansible_role/templates/{{ role_name }}/README.md
boil/plates/ansible_role/templates/{{ role_name }}/defaults/main.yml
boil/plates/ansible_role/templates/{{ role_name }}/handlers/main.yml
boil/plates/ansible_role/templates/{{ role_name }}/meta/main.yml
boil/plates/ansible_role/templates/{{ role_name }}/tasks/main.yml
boil/plates/ansible_role/templates/{{ role_name }}/tests/inventory
boil/plates/ansible_role/templates/{{ role_name }}/tests/test.yml
boil/plates/ansible_role/templates/{{ role_name }}/vars/main.yml
boil/plates/bash_script/__init__.py
boil/plates/bash_script/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
boil/plates/bash_script/templates/{{ script_name }}
boil/plates/flask-api/__init__.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/.gitignore
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/Dockerfile
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/MANIFEST.in
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/Procfile
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/README.md
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/README.rst
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/requirements.txt
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/setup.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/test-requirements.txt
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/tox.ini
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/__init__.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/exceptions.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/api/__init__.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/api/app.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/api/resources/__init__.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/api/resources/__init__.pyc
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/api/resources/v1/__init__.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/api/resources/v1/__init__.pyc
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/api/resources/v1/product.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/api/resources/v1/product.pyc
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/cmd/__init__.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/flask_api/cmd/api.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/tests/integration/__init__.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/tests/integration/test_example.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/tests/unit/__init__.py
boil/plates/flask-api/templates/flask_api/tests/unit/test_example.py
boil/plates/license/README.md
boil/plates/license/__init__.py
boil/plates/license/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
boil/plates/license/templates/LICENSE
boil/plates/license/templates/_includes/apache
boil/plates/license/templates/_includes/gnu
boil/plates/license/templates/_includes/mit
boil/plates/plate/README.md
boil/plates/plate/__init__.py
boil/plates/plate/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
boil/plates/plate/templates/{{ plate_name }}/README.md
boil/plates/plate/templates/{{ plate_name }}/__init__.py
boil/plates/plate/templates/{{ plate_name }}/templates/sample_file.txt
boil/plates/python_package/README.md
boil/plates/python_package/__init__.py
boil/plates/python_package/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/.gitignore
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/MANIFEST.in
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/Makefile
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/README.rst
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/pyproject.toml
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/requirements.txt
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/setup.cfg
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/setup.py
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/test-requirements.txt
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/tox.ini
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/.github/workflows/integrate.yml
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/tests/integration/__init__.py
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/tests/integration/test_example.py
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/tests/unit/__init__.py
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/tests/unit/test_example.py
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/{{ package_name }}/__init__.py
boil/plates/python_package/templates/{{ package_name }}/{{ package_name }}/exceptions.py
boil/plates/ruby_gem/__init__.py
boil/plates/ruby_gem/__pycache__/__init__.cpython-310.pyc
boil/plates/ruby_gem/templates/{{ gem_name | underscore }}/.gitignore
boil/plates/ruby_gem/templates/{{ gem_name | underscore }}/.rubocop.yml
boil/plates/ruby_gem/templates/{{ gem_name | underscore }}/.ruby-version
boil/plates/ruby_gem/templates/{{ gem_name | underscore }}/Gemfile
boil/plates/ruby_gem/templates/{{ gem_name | underscore }}/README.md
boil/plates/ruby_gem/templates/{{ gem_name | underscore }}/Rakefile
boil/plates/ruby_gem/templates/{{ gem_name | underscore }}/{{ gem_name | underscore }}.gemspec
boil/plates/ruby_gem/templates/{{ gem_name | underscore }}/lib/{{ gem_name | underscore }}.rb
boil/plates/ruby_gem/templates/{{ gem_name | underscore }}/lib/{{ gem_name | underscore }}/version.rb
boil/plates/ruby_gem/templates/{{ gem_name | underscore }}/spec/spec_helper.rb
boil/template/__init__.py
boil/template/environment.py
boil/template/renderer.py
boil/utils/__init__.py
boil/utils/ansi.py
boil/utils/display.py
boil/utils/file_utils.py
boil/vars/__init__.py
boil/vars/loader.py